Get out of here
I can't wait to kill you now.
Not before killing you
I'm going to be tortured
Hmph Ye Xiao, you know what you are doing
You'll die if you go out now
I just want to help Long Wu get justice
Just pretend I'm being sentimental
Are you alive or dead?
I had nothing to do with it.
You Xue Yao, it's really nice of you to think so
Pour me a cup of tea.
Vultures torture this megalomaniac
I'm afraid it will take some time hahaha
Can you still see the whole body then?
Hear the screams
How painful and desperate you say
It's painful
It's desperate
What about vultures? How are you still alive?
That guy
Probably too old.
I fell and haven't gotten up yet
You useless thing
The surname Yezi is lucky for you tonight
If we go, we won't send it.
Night supper, get out of here